Let's continue with our read typology by working on this shoulder piece I think what I want to do is
have this mirrored part of the head be all one piece.
So go back to object mode and come over here to the modifiers panel and I'll just click apply and that
will now make this all one piece.
So now over here what I need to do is draw out the geometry of the shoulder armor so to do that I will
just click draw and let's just start drawing out the geometry we want.
On this piece.
So maybe something like this.
And this
and a couple more down here.
Let's go with that and then I'll draw some cross lines here.
I didn't mean to do that.
Let me try that one again.
I just did that with command Z
right.
Let's see how that works.
So with that done I'll hit enter and then I'll go over to the Tools panel and click add surface and
there we go now it looks like a few of these are turned the wrong way so I'll just hit the A key and
press control in and see if that will get all the normals pointing the same way.
I think I'm going to need another extrusion down to here as well as maybe another one down to here.
But what I want to do is if I selected this edge and extrude it I want it to snap to this object.
But the problem is with the multi resolution modifiers for each of these objects set to such a high
resolution My computer is going to lag quite a bit.
So what I need to do is come in here let me go back to object mode and for all of these multi resolution
modifiers I need to really reduce that down to maybe one or two.
I'll see if I can get away with two.
Let me just reduce everything I'm going to take the character down to maybe maybe three for the character
so I can see a little bit of that definition.
Let me take this down.
Two and I don't need the higher resolution while I'm doing this while I'm read apologizing.
I don't need to see all that higher detail.
So this will just help things move a little quicker in the viewport.
So we've come down quite a bit from millions of tries to 170 thousand and that should help the viewport
move a little bit better.
So if I wanted to select this object and extrude these edges down I can select this edge and control
select this edge.
Now I can come down here and turn on snapping and I've got it set to face and closest and I want to
turn on this little guy.
No this little guy excuse me this project individual elements on the surface of other objects.
I want to turn him on now if I extrude this and pull it down it'll kind of snap to that area like that
if I come over here to the x ray you can see that it's kind of snapped to that surface and that's good
that's what we want.
So I like this and control like that and then I'll hit it easy and pull down to here.
I be right about there.
And I'll just snap these to the surface.
Now
I'd like this to be the point.
These to move around here like that
like that.
I think what I'll also do is take this piece and extrude it down a bit.
So maybe for extrude and pull it down to about here let's say
like so.
And maybe these one more time
all right so I think we could probably extrude this edge up.
We get hit and pull this up to the edge of this piece right here and do a little point pulling to get
that basic shape again.
Like this and then what I'd like to do is take this whole edge here.
And maybe extrude this over to the side toward the head.
So I'll hit me and move it over to this edge right here.
Let's also do the same thing around the edge here.
I'll just hold control and click at subsequent points around the edge here like that.
And then I'm going to turn off the x ray and just hit me and let that snap down to this area.
So
here we go.
Now I'd like to select this edge I'm just going to press alt and click that edge and then de-select
this one and de-select this one and I just want to extrude this down a bit so I'll just hit E and pull
that down some
like that and you can press shift tab to turn you're snapping off pretty quickly and then shift tab
to turn it back on if you want.
I just want to merge these points here.
With him and at last
all right.
So now let's think about connecting this up.
I think we could probably connect this up here.
We may need an extra edge loop here and maybe an extra edge loop here.
Let's just test that and see if I insert an initially appear and I insert an edge loop here.
Let's just test this.
We can always undo it but I think what I'd like to do is extend this down one more row and then connect
those up.
Let's see what we can do here.
So I'm going to turn x ray off and with snapping on I'm going to go ahead and scale this down a bit.
Maybe move it into place
like so.
And also I might come over here to options and let me turn on X mirror and typology mirror.
And what that might do for us.
Let's just see if this works I'm going to select a point and hit G.
And sure enough I can get mirrored movement on this with both x mirror and typology mirror on.
I may not need it but I'm going to go ahead and try it for now.
I'm going to slice this whole ring around the neck and hit extrude and bring this down a bit and maybe
scale it out some see if I can get it to snap.
So now I'll come back down under here turn on x ray and let's see if I can get these things to match
up.
I think maybe I could do these four vertices here and create a face and maybe these four here and create
a face.
See how that looks.
Yeah it's not bad.
And maybe these four here so now we've got the geometry of the shoulder armor and we've got it hooked
up to the neck here.
I think this is probably what we're going to do is connect everything up all into one piece.
I may need another extrusion here and another extrusion along the neck but generally speaking I think
that's going to work.
I'm going to go ahead and come out of it mode here and maybe I'll just move this to layer 3 just so
I can see it individually.
So now we've used both the grease pencil tool with the beast surfaces add on and we've also used our
snapping tools.
So in the next video we'll take a look at other tools that we can use as we read to apologize.